

Cookie consent

We use cookies to improve your experience on this website. By continuing to
browse our site you agree to our use of cookies.  Tell me more  |  Cookie
preferences

Breaking News

Updated 2304 GMT (0704 HKT) March 18, 2015

Russian warplane intercepts 12 photos

A Russian Tu-95 Bear bomber is escorted by a British Royal Air Force Typhoon
fighter during an intercept in September 2014. Click through the gallery to see
other intercepts in late 2014.

Hide Caption

Russian warplane intercepts 12 photos

Hide Caption

Russian warplane intercepts 12 photos

An armed MiG-31 intercepted by Norwegian planes. The plane is nicknamed the
Foxhound by NATO.

Hide Caption

Russian warplane intercepts 12 photos

An armed Tu-22M supersonic bomber, nicknamed the Backfire by NATO, was
photographed by Norwegian fighter jets.

Hide Caption

Russian warplane intercepts 12 photos

A look at a Russian Tu-22M from below as taken by a Norwegian Royal Air Force
fighter plane.

Hide Caption

Russian warplane intercepts 12 photos

A Su-24 attack aircraft, nicknamed the Fencer by NATO, was photographed by a
Norwegian warplane.

Hide Caption

An armed MiG-31 Foxhound photographed from below by a Norwegian Royal Air
Force interceptor.

Hide Caption

Russian warplane intercepts 12 photos

A Russian Il-78 tanker refuels a Tu-95 Bear bomber in a photograph taken by a
Norwegian warplane.

Hide Caption

Russian warplane intercepts 12 photos

Two Russian Sukhoi Su-34 fighter bombers, nicknamed the Fullback by NATO, as
photographed by Finnish Air Force F/A-18 Hornet fighters.

Hide Caption

Finnish fighter jets photographed this Russian Tu-95 Bear bomber.

Hide Caption

Two Tupolev Tu-22M aircraft intercepted by Finnish fighter planes.

Hide Caption

A Russian Tupolev Tu-95 Bear bomber intercepted by Finnish fighter planes.

Hide Caption

NATO says the military aircraft weren't on a flight plan

Russia is conducting military exercises

(CNN)

NATO jets scrambled to intercept Russian military aircraft as they neared
Latvian airspace, officials said on Wednesday.

Estonian radar detected the aircraft over the Baltic Sea on Tuesday night,
NATO said. Other than the lead aircraft, NATO said, none of the other Russian
military aircraft was on a flight plan.

NATO sent jets to identify the planes and later reported that the military
aircraft flew on into Russian airspace.

The exercises have rattled nerves in nearby NATO states, including Latvia,
where U.S. troops and equipment recently arrived for NATO training, and where
fears are growing about Russian President Vladimir Putin's next move.

NATO has condemned the annexation as an illegal territory grab and is boosting
its troop presence in the region in what officials say is an effort to
discourage Putin from encroaching into other countries.

Putin describes the annexation as a "reunification," saying that Crimea's
residents overwhelmingly voted to be part of Russia.

CNN's Don Melvin and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.

More Top Stories